Oh, it 's free time hey p I don't have a main playing card
You of course do you Poranku to what
I don't have a trunk for one person or a good guy
Chair of the entered but would have been saying give me 500 yen If you did not bring yesterday
And the money life joke joke
The Do I look cute you doing with Naa not be helped if the easy-to-understand do it well so say
Mickey also Do uh
mother
none
Black vinegar dai
i am
I'm sorry've got what is outside the Barugi No Ruri
I'm fine in the end its 3
Ja No second only mouse of playing cards
I wonder if you have Marisa, Marisa is
If it is a dull, it will not be found in the diss two land
I forgot to look for you
8 It looks fun Reimu
Please be relieved to say something more than that, Reimu
I can not say that I forgot about Marisa
Pp I will bloom the good mouth
And what a sense like this two body 1
Don't betray me, I will forgive you only this time
Pu or shit bananas noticed fear you Why So ride to tone
I'll scrap it later I'll have a room and my name is also rare-even the owner is unusual
Of Nemari
I used to practice the magic of putting a sword in a barrel and always putting me in a barrel to make a small fool
N not 's it really magic system
Well that 's because I found this one not happening today
See you oo Need for speed and best board Janwa
I love Marisa
I feel like I have lost my friends
P main somewhere go another cow to say
I refuse
You I need for series go in Zee going immediately doing mean that
I have done something
Under cover of the PlayStation 2 and Most Wanted it's fence
In the impression is better Gran Turismo
Large graphic best to say in this live video
Oh
By the way ze This game can also be catch the racer made to the police hey
It looks like it's interesting or you 're at the bottom
I can't help it, or Hakurei Reimu style
It will be 4 for victory- something has started
The display in the upper right see Marisa
I wonder looked example that it what 1 entered
This is a true ability, it's just a shortcut
It is finally a Polita O-oh, and the side road Kita
I think a high-speed corner is launched like a catapult from above the foot
The heart seems to fly out to the sense that it is immediately deleted and cleaning up
Road narrows in the visual soccer club
If it is screwed with Kanezuka Line Choi
Oh my god
Oh, where are you, what are you saying
Much or Seriously it was in front of Marisa Hawwa
Even so, the reason why you are headed
I collect the flag before breaking the tear good and back the turf horse
I'm just watching the other's run about
It was what is death scream when I see So is pulled out
I wonder if I do not want to enter the side road
Enter the side road in vain and enter the safer path between accidents
It is sometimes faster to run to the pool
Dyeing powder ho prays for low
Technique this hey
It is a hell technique that I do not know what I wanted to do
Damn it
I have a reason to win this race
It is long when I talk about what the reason is, but I got fired from the company and I am the only mother
Got sick of
My mother wasn't supposed to
And I've got to kind to people no matter how painful
However, I betrayed the thought of my mother who had been obsessed
Mother not to buy medicine without your gold because began to weakness in Josho I win this race
I went into a race to save my mother with a prize
That always win if you have a kind heart that will be appreciated by now mother with a so mind me
That say wanted
No matter what the other party is or what I think of me, I promise you with my mother
Noah Oh Oh Oh day eyes, including a wave
8 In other words, I understand that your story is all a lie and you can not help it
Lie I don't understand why I made a promise with my mother
But I already became my brother Oh, and the other party is Porsche
Let's beat it and try to fight straight
Let's do our best, I hope you 've had that heart
Are you doing entered Doke and the general car example what side street
Jan Wakene to fight sporting or was careless while ago
I was impressed by your heart that penetrates the shit until the very end
I admit that you are the real thing
Yes I'm a big boy from today
I can't tell if it's big or small
ran
But this race is like an early tutorial
What is and So next time Do some do fighting online
Hi Everyone's Reimu I've watched such a stupid video today
Thank you
That's right, I'm here because of the Samune scam, good guys don't imitate
The next time I will play online and look back at the mess
So thank you again for viewing